h1. Window Management

The following functions provide routines for managing the window, including opening the graphics device,
clearing the viewport, and closing the graphics window.

h2. initwindow

*function* **initwindow** (width, height, title, left, top, dbflag, closeflag)

h3. Description

Initializes and opens a window for graphics output.  This routine is the recommended method for opening a graphics output device.

h3. Parameters

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|width|integer|Width of the window|
|height|integer|Height of the window|
|title|character(*)|(optional) Title to display in the titlebar|
|left|integer|(optional) Horizontal screen position of the window|
|top|integer|(optional) Vertical screen position of the window|
|dbflag|logical|(optional) Enable double-buffering|
|closeflag|logical|(optional) Kill program on window close|

h3. Return Value

**integer** 

Unique identifier of the opened window

h2. initgraph

*subroutine* **initgraph** (graphdriver, graphmode, pathtodriver)

h3. Description

Initializes and opens a window for graphics output using the specified driver in the specified mode.  The *graphdriver* must be one of the defined constants:

|DETECT|
|CGA|
|MCGA|
|EGA|
|EGA64|
|EGAMONO|
|IBM8514|
|HERCMONO|
|ATT400|
|VGA|
|PC3270|

With this interface on Windows, the driver constants are mostly used to determine window size.  Users are encouraged to use <a href="#initwindow">**initwindow**</a> instead.

The *graphmode* parameter is present for specifying palletes.  Passing 0 is sufficient.

h3. Parameters

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|graphdriver|integer|The driver|
|graphmode|integer|Height of the window|
|pathtodriver|character(*)|(optional) Path to driver files (not applicable, compatability only)|

h3. Return Value

Upon success, the value of *graphdriver* will be *grOk*.  The following error codes can be returned in this parameter:

|*graphdriver* Value|Description|
|grOk|Successfully initialized|
|grNotDetected|Could not detect the specified driver|
|grInvalidDriver|The value of *graphdriver* was invalid|
|grNoLoadMem|Insufficient memory to load driver|

h2. closegraph

*subroutine* **closegraph** (window_id)

h3. Description

Closes the specified graphics window or, optionally, all windows.  If *window_id* is not included, this call will close all windows.  The *window_id* parameter should be the window's id as referred to by <a href="#initwindow">**initwindow**</a> or one of the following constants:

|Constant|Description|
|ALL_WINDOWS|All open graphics windows (default)|
|CURRENT_WINDOW|The current window|
|NO_CURRENT_WINDOW|All windows except the current window|

h3. Parameters

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|window_id|integer|(optional) The id of the window to close or, optionally, a constant described above|
